I agree with you, instagram is the best social media for both sharing your own feelings and connecting with friends and family. By sharing posts and stories, we can know how people are doing and their updates.
I agree with you. Dcard is a great place to drop your comments and feelings on various topics. People can also comments anonymously when the comment might critical to protect their own privacy. All in all, Dcard is a great social media platform for expressing feelings.
I agree with you, Instagram is a great social media platform for promotion. People can check their view counts and likes to know how many users have interacted or see this post. This will be a great way to keep count in the number of people that can be reached.
Instagram is a great social media for people who wants to share their thought a and feelings. For those who want to have their privacy protected and still share the thoughts to others. People can use a private account, so only the content of the profile would only be visible to the followers. For instance, your friends and family.
Instagram is a great place for people who wants to share their likings and their favourite content. People can share the post or stories of their favourite celebrities. People can see it and support them as well.I agree with your opinion on the five metrics of Baidu Tieba. It is a great online forum for people to entertain and share their thoughts.
I agree with your opinion on the five metrics of Baidu Tieba. It is a great online forum for people to entertain and share their thoughts.
I agree with your opinion on Facebook of the five metrics. Facebook is indeed a great social for people to entertain and share their thoughts.
I agree with your points on the five metrics of YouTube. Also, the newly added feature “Shorts” is a great way for people to kill time.
I agree with your opinion on Instagram. It is a great social media for people who want to interact with one another.
I total agree with your blog post, it is indeed a great social media for people to communicate with friends and the one who they cares. Instagram can be a great place for people to bond with others.
Zhihu is a social media platform that rarely got mentioned. It is a great social media that like the combination of Dcard and Instagram. It deserves more spotlight on it.
I agree with your opinions of the metrics on xiaohongshu, it is indeed a social media that is less popular in Hong Kong. Xiaohongshu is more like a short videos social media like TikTok. People can scroll through various si just in just a matter of a second. Great app to kill time.
Instagram is indeed a great social media that have the 4 social media metrics. It is a social media that is user friendly and great to use.
All in all, Facebook is a great social media. Even though it’s under the same company as Instagram, Facebook have some function is not as convincente as Instagram. Such as the like button, Instagram can double the post to like it or click on the heart. Just a small detail, users can be expose to more post for less time. And the convinces is way more significant than what people think. However Facebook is undoubtedly a great social media.
I agree with your points on Facebook. It is a great social media that have great potential. But the era of Facebook might be over. Fast pace social media like TikTok or Instagram have dominated the social media.